Documentation (#127)
DKISTDC/dkist: docs/guide/loading.rst

* The `~dkist.Dataset.data` property is a `dask.array.Array` object which lazy loads the array data from the FITS files on demand.
* The `~dkist.Dataset.wcs` property is a `gwcs.wcs.WCS` object which provides coordinate information for all the pixels in the array.
* The `~dkist.Dataset.files` property is an instance of the `dkist.io.FileManager` class which allows you to access and modify information about how the FITS files are loaded by the array.
* The `~dkist.Dataset.headers` property is an `astropy.table.QTable` instance which is a complete record of all the FITS headers for all the FITS files in the dataset. This provides access to all the available metadata about the dataset without having to retrieve or open any of the FITS files.

The relationship between `~dkist.Dataset.data` and `~dkist.Dataset.files`
#########################################################################

When an ASDF file containing a dataset is loaded, a new array is generated from the list of FITS filenames provided in that ASDF file.

> These FITS filenames are ordered in the correct way so that an array of the correct dimensionality to represent the whole dataset as a higher dimensional array that is contained in any FITS file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These FITS filenames are ordered in the correct way so that an array of the correct dimensionality is created. This array represents the whole dataset as a higher dimensional array than is contained in any single FITS file.
```
